Implement replace-mgr-modules subcommand (#24)
SUSE/sesdev: README.md

   * [SSH access to a cluster](#ssh-access-to-a-cluster)
   * [Copy files into and out of a cluster](#copy-files-into-and-out-of-a-cluster)
   * [Services port-forwarding](#services-port-forwarding)

>    * [Replacing MGR modules](#replacing-mgr-modules)

Reviewer: Please s/Replacing/Replace/ (all the chapter headings use imperative form)

The command will output the URL that you can use to access the dashboard.

### Replacing the dashboard

It's possible to replace the ceph dashboard with a version found in a PR or
branch.

This can be helpfull to test dashboard PRs in a cluster with all services
enabled.

```

> $ sesdev replace-dashboard <deployment_id> <pr>

Reviewer 2: Instead of having this as an extra command, could we just use a similar approach that we use for `ceph-salt` ? list `--ceph-dashboard-repo` and `ceph-dashboard-branch`? And then also integrate it into `Jenkinsfile.integration` so we might be able to test dashboard changes with sesdev+ceph-salt ? Does that make sense?

Author: My initial idea was to be able to test multiple PRs with the same cluster, so I could not use a flag for it.
If you want I could add both options.

Reviewer 2: ah. make sense. I don't think we need 2 options. your approach makes sense imo

The command will output the URL that you can use to access the dashboard.

### Replacing the dashboard

> It's possible to replace the ceph dashboard with a version found in a PR or

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It's possible to replace Ceph Dashboard with a version found in a github PR or git
```

Author: Done.

branch.

> This can be helpfull to test dashboard PRs in a cluster with all services

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This can be helpful to test dashboard PRs in a cluster with all services
```

Author: Done.

The command will output the URL that you can use to access the dashboard.

### Replace ceph-salt

For deployments that used ceph-salt, it's possible to replace the ceph-salt
installed by sesdev with a different one:

```
$ sesdev replace-ceph-salt --local <path> <deployment_id>
```

Assuming `<path>` points to ceph-salt source code, the command will work
regardless of whether ceph-salt was originally installed from source or
from RPM.

> ### Replacing MGR modules

Reviewer: Please s/Replacing/Replace/ (all the chapter headings use imperative form)
